doc: lwm2m_carrier: doc improvements (#14342)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/requirements.rst

  * The socket is released by the library again upon the next reboot, or in the event of a FOTA error.
  * If the application always needs a TLS socket, it can use `Mbed TLS`_.

* When in the Verizon Network, the LwM2M carrier library uses both the DTLS sessions made available through the modem. Therefore, the application cannot run any DTLS or TLS sessions.

>   * In other networks, the application can still use one DTLS session and one TLS session (or two DTLS sessions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * On other networks, the application can still use one DTLS session and one TLS session (or two DTLS sessions).
```

  * For more information see the :c:macro:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_FOTA_START` event in ref:`lwm2m_events`.

* The LwM2M carrier library provisions the necessary security credentials to the security tags 25, 26, 27, 28.
  These tags must not be used by the application.

> * If the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SERVER_SEC_TAG` is set, the range will follow that sec_tag instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SERVER_SEC_TAG` is set, the range follows that ``sec_tag`` instead.
```
